My mother-in-law
Alzheimer's disease.
What he said
Don't worry about it.
Is it Alzheimer's?
No wonder the words are upside down
How does Jiaojiao speak?
Sun daughter-in-law, they are all bad people
Don't be afraid with me.
Madam, I am not your granddaughter-in-law
Are you really mistaken?
Impossible mom
I get annoyed when I see him.
You can't fire him
Jiang Yining has strong working ability
Nothing wrong.
How could I possibly fire him?
Jiaojiao, you are the future heir of Xu Shi
You can't be loyal anymore
Mr. Xu, I still have work to do
I'll be going out then.
Mom, stop running around
What is this housekeeper doing to eat people?
Go back, I will definitely punish him.
Jiang Yunning, right?
I won't make you feel better
This Miss Xu is really petty
The fairy asked me to do two jobs
If I hadn't saved money, I would have run away